README.md, before:

# Food stock manager
 Android application should allow user to digitally maintain the one’s food stock, by adding/removing products (possibly with opportunity to assign expiry dates) stored in my household or my fridge, while system would be able to process the data to suggest recipes and send notifications in case of products being spoiled.
 
 Personal motivation behind this is related to the common need and passion for food as well as an opportunity to maintain the products list right on the device, which can be handful during shopping, especially if you forgot what you have home. Moreover, sometimes everyone may feel lazy enough to check on expiry dates on regular basis or to decide by themselves/lookup for something they can cook with what they have, so this might be a solution for it.


| Nr. | Requirement | Done |
|-----|-------------| -------------|
| 1.  | As a user I want to be able to add products to my digital food stock so I will be able to manage my existing groceries. | :white_check_mark:
| 2.  | As a user I want to be able to adjust parameters while adding food to the stock for easier management (product category). | :white_check_mark: 
| 3.  | As a user I want to be able to remove products from my digital food stock so I will be able to get rid of used or thrown away food. | :white_check_mark:
| 4.  | As a user I want to be able to manage expiry dates of my food stock contents so I will be able to track products state. | :white_check_mark:
| 5.  | As a user I want to be able to sort the list of food I have so I will be able to see my list of products from a specific point of view. (products type, approaching expiry date).| :white_check_mark:
| 6.  | As a user I want to be able to authenticate to access my food stock from different devices or to share access with the other users within my household.| 
| 7.  | As a user I want the system to suggest me recipes based on the food I have in my stock so I will be able to cook something. | :white_check_mark:
| 8.  | As a user I want to able to sort suggested recipes according to my needs to fulfill them (approximate cooking time, difficulty). | 
| 9.  | As a user I want to be able to maintain multiple food stocks, so I will be able to manage different food storages in different places. |

Commit message:

Readme update
Updated readme with a link to youtube video presentation

README.md, after:

# Food stock manager
 Android application should allow user to digitally maintain the one’s food stock, by adding/removing products (possibly with opportunity to assign expiry dates) stored in my household or my fridge, while system would be able to process the data to suggest recipes and send notifications in case of products being spoiled.
 
 Personal motivation behind this is related to the common need and passion for food as well as an opportunity to maintain the products list right on the device, which can be handful during shopping, especially if you forgot what you have home. Moreover, sometimes everyone may feel lazy enough to check on expiry dates on regular basis or to decide by themselves/lookup for something they can cook with what they have, so this might be a solution for it.
 
Video presentation can be accessed by this link: https://youtu.be/PijNBrDnR-A


| Nr. | Requirement | Done |
|-----|-------------| -------------|
| 1.  | As a user I want to be able to add products to my digital food stock so I will be able to manage my existing groceries. | :white_check_mark:
| 2.  | As a user I want to be able to adjust parameters while adding food to the stock for easier management (product category). | :white_check_mark: 
| 3.  | As a user I want to be able to remove products from my digital food stock so I will be able to get rid of used or thrown away food. | :white_check_mark:
| 4.  | As a user I want to be able to manage expiry dates of my food stock contents so I will be able to track products state. | :white_check_mark:
| 5.  | As a user I want to be able to sort the list of food I have so I will be able to see my list of products from a specific point of view. (products type, approaching expiry date).| :white_check_mark:
| 6.  | As a user I want to be able to authenticate to access my food stock from different devices or to share access with the other users within my household.| 
| 7.  | As a user I want the system to suggest me recipes based on the food I have in my stock so I will be able to cook something. | :white_check_mark:
| 8.  | As a user I want to able to sort suggested recipes according to my needs to fulfill them (approximate cooking time, difficulty). | 
| 9.  | As a user I want to be able to maintain multiple food stocks, so I will be able to manage different food storages in different places. |
